Everyone, welcome back and here,
now, we're going to talk about
the terminology that we may or
may not be covering in this course.
Once again, there's a giant list.
So feel free to take your time, go to the
view, pause, read, look it up, whatever.
>> No, absolutely, yeah, so
I guess first off, terminology,
we're probably going to be saying this
quite a few times, multimedia, right?
>> Yeah.
>> In general, I guess, for us multimedia
is going to be the audio/video
utilities or utilization of multimedia.
Is that the right way of saying it?
>> [LAUGH]
>> And yeah, so, it's basically
combining the different formats
that consist of multimedia.
You have motion picture so
movies, motion video,
you have audio, you have still images,
you have animation, I believe graphics.
>> Yeah, graphics.
>> Graphics, computer generated images.
Yeah, so
there's all different kinds of multimedia.
All different kids of
forms of multimedia and
hopefully we get a chance to bring in
as many of those forms as possible.
I'm pretty sure we mostly
folks seen on video and audio.
So yeah, libraries.
>> Library is something we're going to
talk about more in the supplemental
section, but in our case the library
is something you use in programming to
add functionality to
a program you're writing.
Says maybe you don't
want to reinvent the wheel.
Someone already did created like
some kind of like, the camera,
someone already made the camera.
You don't have to reinvent that to
create images so put it in my way
>> Yeah, and so on and so forth.
The rest of this list I would recommend
once again, pausing and taking some time
to read some of these scalability,
maintainability, sub-sampling.
All of these play a role, one way or
another when working with multimedia.
Here's some more terminology you that
might hear if you're an Apple user.
QuickTime is a great multimedia resource
that already comes with your computer.
You can use it to do all sort of tasks for
you.
We will talk about one of
the flavors of multimedia,
you have motion video,
you could pause, check this out.
Again, we'll provide you with the website,
JavaScript, Netscape's
simple scripting language.
It was used,
I feel like it's still used obviously but
Netscape was an old browser I remember.
[LAUGH] A long time ago
not around anymore, is it?
>> Not sure.
>> [CROSSTALK] [LAUGH] I haven't used it
in forever.
>> Anyways so there you go,
DirectX, Delta Frame.
You might hear someone say like,
hey let's make an app that
calculates the Delta Frames.
Instead of sending a new image each time,
you just calculate the difference in each
image and send that information instead.
>> Right.
>> All these things can help you maximize
your thought process when constructing
applications in the multimedia realm.
I think we got one more here,
so yeah, codecs.
In the next module, actually,
you're going to hear our Professor speak
to you a lot more about
audio/video codecs.
And I know he did this back
in the VOIP module, but
he's going to do it again on a whole
other level dealing more with media.
So with video motion picture codecs.
So, yeah, there you go.
Feel free to skip through this,
use it however you like,
put it on your cheat sheet, and
we'll see you in the next videos.